## Reflection on how Git and GitHub supported my project

My project comprised of data analysis of high school students' grades, based on the number of hours of study, students' level of fitness and the hours of exercise that students put in. The data analysis was perfromed using Python, and was carried out in Jupyter Notebook.

I planned to use this data analysis work to organize, track and collaborate on my Git and GitHub final project. With Git and GitHub, I was able to list all my project files in my repository 'student-grades'. I was able to manage, organize and simultaneously track all additions, edits and deletions of files and contents of files on Git and GitHub. In Git I was able to make edits and appropriate commits on my local terminal as per my project plan and was able to push those changes to my files onto GitHub for a collective set of organized files. Similarly on GitHub, I was able to upload, add, edit files and was able to pull them all into my local Git terminal for an up to date version of files and commits each time I reconvened my work. Since I was the only one working on my final project, I was able to keep an excellent track of all versions and actions on my files. But if I was working with another classmate, I can now totally see the advantage of working both on Git and GitHub simultaneously or at different times for effective collaboration by keeping each other updated with various edit and updates throughout the course of the project. 

Further, through GitHub Issues I was able to list my entire project plan even before I started working in Git and GitHub. Through the Project Board functionality, I was able to sync my tasks from Issues into a well organzied project management setup on Project Board. GitHub Actions taught me how to publish my work in a suitable web interface. Although, since I'm not familiar with coding, GitHub Actions proved to be a bit difficult for me to execute during this project. But I was able to create a main.yml file conditions and some coding. 

Additionally, in GitHub I was able to create a branch for data visualization part of my project. I was succesfully able to merge files from this branch to the main branch with self explanatory Pull Requests on GitHub. Creating a branch and working in that branch, kept my work seperate from the main branch, and I was able to efficiently manage my workflow of data visualization and data analysis simultaneoulsy but separately without any overlap of files or without any confusion between versions of files from both branches.
Overall, Git and GitHub helped me a lot in organizing and tracking my project very efficiently. 
